#INTRODUCTION#

Nowadays many people rely on e-commerce websites and app for buying products and services from the vendors over the internet. Online shopping sites become trendy and most of us regularly use these sites for comparing the same product on different sites and purchase according to price, feedbacks, specifications, delivery time and service provided by selling company. E-commerce is the fastest emerging business and which has billions of user base and it is increasing exponentially every year.
Most of us focused on customers reviews and comments, feedbacks helps the individual to make their mind to purchase a particular product. The customer review is a review of a product or service made by a customer who has purchased or had experience with the product.It shows the strength and weakness of the product's features. Consideration of review is important for customer's benefit because sometimes the quality and delivery of the product is uneven. But there’s is an ample amount of review the customers can’t go through all of them therefore unable to summarise the information regarding the features of the product.
Sentiment analysis is the process of analysing text in customer review which helps in determining the polarity of the document which can be used to show positive and negative features about the product. This shows the emotional orientation of the customer about the product. The process of extracting reviews and opinion about the product comes under opinion mining. The whole process is part of Natural Language Processing(NLP) that is focused on enabling computers to understand and process human languages, to get computers closer to a human-level understanding of language.
In this project, we have extracted the customer's review from Amazon and summarise it in good and bad features about the product so whenever we have to purchase a product we can just use results of this project instead of going through all the reviews one by one which is a time-consuming process. Some reviews contain grammatical and spelling mistakes that can lead to the inaccurate result that why we have preprocessed all the reviews to make it understandable and can give us the precise result. There are already well-implemented programs for sentiment analysis of review but the


